feat(dart): add algolia_chopper_requester package (#3291)
algolia/api-clients-automation: clients/algoliasearch-client-dart/packages/chopper_requester/README.md

Reviewer: could you please add the header of https://github.com/algolia/api-clients-automation/tree/1a8bcf306475cb027d2c7fa4c8e6f365925a04f5/clients/algoliasearch-client-dart/packages/client_core with the img?

# Chopper Requester for Algolia Search Client

## 💡 Installation

> Add Algolia Client Core as a dependency in your project directly from pub.dev:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add Algolia Chopper Requester as a dependency in your project directly from pub.dev:
```
